The enemy's car and allies are in a hurry, and they are advancing towards the next base.
If they do so, the enemy will have a large army, so they can't explode, so it's okay even if they have a strong army.
Since the arrival of Jofarl, I have been hoping for this strategy, but the ridiculous strategy of jumping into the enemy's car is unexpectedly bad.
The enemy has no reports from the enemy's allied guard post, but a tank like a cow suddenly appears and a black-faced Japanese soldier cuts through the base and enters.
This panic has spread to the whole army and has become the cause of the collapse.
The enemy's army is advancing towards the next base.
The Great Concession was announced at 6 p.m. on February 1.
The Imperial Army, which is attacking the Malay Peninsula, took the lead on January 31st and advanced to the opposite side of the Singapore island.
The total distance from the landing site is about 1100 km.
The final course is about 650 km.
The total distance from the landing site is about 250 km.
The main force has been in action for 92 times.